Announcement for new cheat sheet with migration help (#247)
conan-io/conan-io.github.io: _posts/2023-05-29-New-Cheat-Sheet-For-Conan-2.markdown

|                                                        | conan config list                                           |
| conan config get                                       |                                                             |
| conan profile show default                             | conan profile show -pr default                              |
| conan config install &lt;url_or_path>                  | conan config install &lt;url_or_path>                       |
|       conan config set general.revision_enabled=1      |                                                             |
|            **Remote Repository Management**            |                                                             |
|                    conan remote list                   | conan remote list                                           |
|           conan remote add my_remote &lt;url>          | conan remote add my_remote &lt;url>                         |
| conan user -p &lt;password> -r my_remote &lt;username> | conan remote login my_remote &lt;username> -p &lt;password> |

> Right off the line, we have a command that's highlighted for 2.0 cheat sheet but was not present for 1.x originally. This is one of the more requested features, opt-in default profiles. [Managing profiles](https://docs.conan.io/2/reference/commands/profile.html?highlight=best%20practices) is one of the critical decisions for using Conan in CI/CD for DevOps. We have witnessed bad habits around relying on ``conan profile detect`` which limited the ability to improve the client. With Conan 2.0, there is [no stability guaranteed for the detected configuration](https://docs.conan.io/2/reference/commands/profile.html?highlight=not%20stable), this is something you should reconsider if you were doing ``conan config set`` which is also removed for the same reason. Alternative solutions are custom commands or managed profiles. 

Author: ```suggestion
To start with, we have a command that's highlighted for 2.0 cheat sheet but was not present for 1.x originally. This is one of the more requested features, opt-in default profiles. [Managing profiles](https://docs.conan.io/2/reference/commands/profile.html?highlight=best%20practices) is one of the critical decisions for using Conan in CI/CD for DevOps. We have witnessed bad habits around relying on ``conan profile detect`` which limited the ability to improve the client. With Conan 2.0, there is [no stability guaranteed for the detected configuration](https://docs.conan.io/2/reference/commands/profile.html?highlight=not%20stable), this is something you should reconsider if you were doing ``conan config set`` which is also removed for the same reason. Alternative solutions are custom commands or managed profiles. 
```

## Upload a Package

| Conan 1.x                          | Conan 2.0                           |
| ---------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| conan upload zlib* -r remote –all | conan upload “zlib/*” -r my_remote |

There’s a few subtle changes here, the reference used in the example previously match any recipe starting with zlib, include zlib-ng which was not the intention, so now with the unified reference syntax it’s explicit matching only on the version since the ``/`` is present.  
Our example remote was renamed, style points, but not indicative of anything functional.

Lastly the ``--all`` is no longer present, this is now the default in 2.0 and there is now a ``--only-recipe`` for the old behavior.

## Deploy outside the cache

| Conan 1.x                            | Conan 2.0                                                            |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| conan install zlib/1.2.11@ -g deploy | conan install –requires=zlib/1.2.13 –deploy full_deploy -g CMakeDeps |

There are 2 new features in the one snippet.

- Deployers
- No cache workflow

> Previously the [old deploy generator](https://docs.conan.io/1/reference/generators/deploy.html)only copied all the files to the local directory essentially unpacking the ``conan_package.tgz`` that would be on the remote. This has a few drawbacks and there were tons of requests for more specialized versions. This was replaced with [Deployers](https://docs.conan.io/2/reference/extensions/deployers.html). The new [built-in ``full_deploy``](https://docs.conan.io/2/reference/extensions/deployers.html#full-deploy) replaces the old one with the same functionality. It gained the support for other generators to be used in combination with deployers, such that the CMakeDeps will create files that use paths with the location inside the “full deploy” (i.e not reference the cache!). This is a long requested workflow that is now possible with 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously the [old deploy generator](https://docs.conan.io/1/reference/generators/deploy.html) only copied all the files to the local directory essentially unpacking the ``conan_package.tgz`` that would be on the remote. This has a few drawbacks and there were tons of requests for more specialized versions. This was replaced with [Deployers](https://docs.conan.io/2/reference/extensions/deployers.html). The new [built-in ``full_deploy``](https://docs.conan.io/2/reference/extensions/deployers.html#full-deploy) replaces the old one with the same functionality. It gained the support for other generators to be used in combination with deployers, such that the CMakeDeps will create files that use paths with the location inside the “full deploy” (i.e not reference the cache!). This is a long requested workflow that is now possible with 2.0.
```

## Upload a Package

| Conan 1.x                          | Conan 2.0                           |
| ---------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| conan upload zlib* -r remote –all | conan upload “zlib/*” -r my_remote |

There’s a few subtle changes here, the reference used in the example previously match any recipe starting with zlib, include zlib-ng which was not the intention, so now with the unified reference syntax it’s explicit matching only on the version since the ``/`` is present.  
Our example remote was renamed, style points, but not indicative of anything functional.

Lastly the ``--all`` is no longer present, this is now the default in 2.0 and there is now a ``--only-recipe`` for the old behavior.

## Deploy outside the cache

| Conan 1.x                            | Conan 2.0                                                            |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| conan install zlib/1.2.11@ -g deploy | conan install –requires=zlib/1.2.13 –deploy full_deploy -g CMakeDeps |

There are 2 new features in the one snippet.

- Deployers

> - No cache workflow

Author: should I link to diego's new blog from last week 🤔
